#LyX 1.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 221
\textclass article
\language english
\inputencoding auto
\fontscheme default
\graphics default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single 
\papersize Default
\paperpackage a4
\use_geometry 0
\use_amsmath 0
\use_natbib 0
\use_numerical_citations 0
\paperorientation portrait
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\defskip medskip
\quotes_language english
\quotes_times 2
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle fancy

\layout Title

Rudimentary Installation Instructions for Double Choco Latte
\layout Author

Author: Michael L.
 Dean
\layout Date

$Id$
\layout Section

Requirements
\layout Standard

These items _must_ be setup, configured, and operating properly for Double
 Choco Latte to function properly.
 We cannot provide guidance for configuring this software.
 The accompanying documentation for each package does a good job anyway.
\layout Subsection

Server Requirements 
\layout Enumerate

Operating System which supports PHP/PostgreSQL/Apache
\begin_deeper 
\layout Itemize

Linux
\layout Itemize

Windows NT, 2000 - should also work in 9x, Me as long as PHP works
\layout Itemize

I have gotten some e-mails in the past suggesting it works in *BSD and Solaris
 as well
\end_deeper 
\layout Enumerate

Apache Web Server (http://www.apache.org/), IIS, or any web server supporting
 PHP
\layout Enumerate

PHP (http://www.php.net/)
\layout Enumerate

One of the following RDBMS
\begin_deeper 
\layout Enumerate

PostgreSQL (http://www.postgresql.org/)
\layout Enumerate

MySQL (http://www.mysql.com/)
\layout Enumerate

Micro$oft SQL Server
\layout Enumerate

Sybase Adaptive Server Enterprise
\end_deeper 
\layout Subsection

Client Requirements 
\layout Standard

JavaScript enabled browser.
 Sorry that this is a requirement, but if you do not want something that
 is (fancy, evil) such as JavaScript, you should probably look at some of
 the other packages available for free such as: 
\layout Enumerate


\begin_inset LatexCommand \htmlurl[Mantis]{http://mantisbt.sourceforge.net/}

\end_inset 


\layout Enumerate


\begin_inset LatexCommand \htmlurl[Request Tracker]{http://fsck.com/rt/}

\end_inset 


\layout Enumerate


\begin_inset LatexCommand \htmlurl[Bugzilla]{http://bugzilla.mozilla.org/}

\end_inset 


\layout Enumerate


\begin_inset LatexCommand \htmlurl[Jitterbug]{http://samba.anu.edu.au/jitterbug/}

\end_inset 


\layout Section

Setup
\layout Standard

Starting with version 0.9.4, DCL has a web-based install/upgrade interface.
 It was derived from the code used for XOOPS setup.
 
\emph on 
Be sure to backup your database prior to running the upgrade!
\emph default 
 It is much better to be safe than sorry in this respect.
\layout Standard

Point your browser to http://where.did.I.install/dcl/setup to begin the wizard.
 It will ask you for your database connection information.
 If you use a database user that is capable of creating databases and this
 is a new installation with no database, the setup wizard will attempt to
 create the database for you.
 If the user you will be connecting as through DCL does not have this privilege,
 you will need to manually create your database.
 See your documentation for your SQL server to learn how to do this if necessary.
\layout Standard

After you are finished with the setup wizard and have verified this install
 is working properly, 
\emph on 
delete the setup directory!!!
\emph default 
 It is an obvious security risk to leave this directory intact.
 Another option is to protect the setup directory with web server security
 (such as .htaccess and .htpasswd files for Apache).
 Removing the setup directory is highly recommended, however.
\layout Subsection

Source Files
\layout Enumerate

Put the DCL source files under the web server DocumentRoot.
 We used a subdirectory called 'dcl' for testing.
 You may also create a virtual directory for DCL.
 See the documentation for your web server for instructions on how to accomplish
 this.
\begin_deeper 
\layout Enumerate

You don't have to move the entire tree over to the web server, and may not
 want to.
 Files and directories you should exclude are: INSTALL, README, TODO, ./inc/confi
g.php.default, ./debian, ./docs, ./contrib, and ./scripts.
\end_deeper 
\layout Enumerate

Install the system (http://localhost/dcl/setup/) as documented above.
 If upgrading, 
\emph on 
backup your database before running setup!
\layout Enumerate

Access the system by using the URL you just created (i.e., http://localhost/dcl/).
\layout Enumerate

Login as sa with password sa.
 
\layout Enumerate

Change sa password through the Admin...Change Password menu option.
\layout Enumerate

Go to Admin...System Setup and follow the steps to set up the system.
\layout Section

E-Mail Gateway Installation
\layout Standard

Starting with version 20011208, DCL includes an e-mail gateway in the contrib/ga
teway directory of the distribution.
 The gateway is a PERL script that expects to receive e-mail piped to it
 from a MTA such as sendmail or postfix.
 This section will attempt to provide some direction for installation and
 configuration of the gateway, along with a basic overview of how it works.
\layout Subsection

Operational Behavior
\layout Standard

The steps involved in bringing tickets in through the e-mail gateway can
 be summarized as follows.
 For the sake of providing examples, we will assume Double Choco Latte (DCL)
 is the product.
\layout Enumerate

Issue reporter sends e-mail to dcl-support@mydomain.com
\layout Enumerate

MTA for mydomain.com recognizes dcl-support as an alias and forwards it to
 the PERL script
\layout Enumerate

PERL script sections the e-mail into headers, body, and attachments.
\begin_deeper 
\layout Enumerate

Defaults set from DCL config are: priority, severity, and status
\layout Enumerate

From: is sectioned into name and e-mail address and inserted into contact
 and contact e-mail respectively
\layout Enumerate

To: is sectioned to retrieve product name.
 The address is formatted as <product_abbreviation>-support@mydomain.com.
 The script retrieves the product abbreviation, looks it up in DCL, and
 sets the product ID for the ticket.
 If the product is not found, the script will exit with an error message.
\layout Enumerate

The e-mail subject is inserted into the summary
\layout Enumerate

The e-mail body is inserted into the issue field, minus any attachments
\end_deeper 
\layout Enumerate

Using information in the headers, body, and DCL configuration, a ticket
 is constructed
\layout Enumerate

The ticket is created and the files are 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset 

attached
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset 

 to it
\layout Enumerate

Optional e-mail response is sent to originator of e-mail
\layout Enumerate

Responsible and watchers are notified of the new ticket
\layout Enumerate

Optionally, responses to the ticket autoresponse e-mail are appended as
 ticket resolutions (TODO: this feature is not yet implemented)
\layout Subsection

Prerequisites
\layout Standard

This has been used on a PERL installation as old as 5.005_03.
 PERL modules required for this to operate include:
\layout Enumerate

MIME::Base64
\layout Enumerate

MIME::Parser
\layout Enumerate

MIME::QuotedPrint
\layout Enumerate

File::Basename
\layout Enumerate

DBI
\layout Enumerate

DBD driver for your SQL server (DBD::mysql or DBD::Pg)
\layout Enumerate

Net::SMTP
\layout Standard

You can install these packages from the CPAN shell (perl -MCPAN -e shell)
 by doing install <packagename> (e.g., install DBI)
\layout Subsection

Gateway Installation
\layout Enumerate

Place the dcl-gateway.pl script in a suitable location (mine is in /etc/postfix).
 The postfix daemon must have read access to the directory and the file
 should have executable permissions.
\layout Enumerate

Create a directory for the gateway script to use for temporary storage (I
 used /usr/local/dcl/tmp).
 The MTA daemon should have read, write, and execute for the directory.
 It also needs to be able to read, write, and exectute directories where
 the DCL attachments are stored (e.g., /usr/local/dcl).
 
\shape italic 
If this is not done correctly, any file attachments in the e-mail will not
 be attached to the ticket!
\layout Subsection

Configuration for Postfix MTA
\layout Enumerate

Edit the /etc/aliases (or /etc/postfix/aliases) file.
\begin_deeper 
\layout Enumerate

Add aliases for each product you would like to route to the gateway.
\layout Enumerate

Aliases should pipe to the gateway script
\begin_deeper 
\layout Enumerate

dcl-support: 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset 

|/path/to/dcl-gateway.pl
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset 


\end_deeper 
\end_deeper 
\layout Enumerate

Run the newaliases command
\layout Enumerate

Restart the postfix daemon (postfix reload)
\layout Subsection

Configuration for Sendmail MTA
\layout Enumerate

Sendmail requires executable files be placed or linked in /etc/smrsh for
 security.
 Either ensure the dcl-gateway.pl file is in this directory or create a symbolic
 like from the file to the /etc/smrsh directory.
\layout Enumerate

Edit the /etc/aliases file.
\begin_deeper 
\layout Enumerate

Add aliases for each product you would like to route to the gateway.
\layout Enumerate

Aliases should pipe to the gateway script
\begin_deeper 
\layout Enumerate

dcl-support: 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset 

|/path/to/dcl-gateway.pl
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset 


\end_deeper 
\end_deeper 
\layout Enumerate

Run the newaliases command
\layout Enumerate

Restart the sendmail daemon (/etc/rc.d/init.d/sendmail restart)
\layout Subsection

Configure the Gateway Script
\layout Standard

The only configuration that has to be done in the script is setting up your
 database settings.
 This should match how you have DCL set up.
 If you are using multiple domains and want to receive e-mails for each
 domain, you will need to create a copy of the gateway script for each domain.
 Your aliases will point to the appropriate script depending on the product
 in the To: address.
\layout Subsection

Configuring DCL for the Gateway
\layout Standard

The Admin...System Setup...Configuration page now has a section for configuring
 the e-mail gateway.
\layout Enumerate


\series bold 
e-Mail Gateway for Tickets Enabled
\series default 
 - must be checked in order for tickets to be created.
 Otherwise, an error will occur and the MTA will reject the e-mail.
\layout Enumerate


\series bold 
Send Auto-Response to Sender Upon Receipt
\series default 
 - If checked, a quick e-mail is sent to the originator of the e-mail informing
 them that the ticket was entered successfully into DCL.
\layout Enumerate


\series bold 
Auto-Response e-Mail Address
\series default 
 - The address to use in the From: field of the auto-response e-mail.
 Must be set to the same as your support address if the 
\shape italic 
Allow Replies to Append Ticket Resolutions
\shape default 
 feature is to be used.
\layout Enumerate


\series bold 
Allow Replies to Append Ticket Resolutions
\series default 
 - if the ticket issuer responds to the auto-response e-mail, the resulting
 e-mail will be appended to the ticket as a ticket resolution.
\layout Enumerate


\series bold 
Gateway Ticket Status
\series default 
 - the status to assign tickets created by the gateway
\layout Enumerate


\series bold 
Gateway Ticket Priority
\series default 
 - the priority to assign tickets created by the gateway
\layout Enumerate


\series bold 
Gateway Ticket Severity
\series default 
 - the severity to assign tickets created by the gateway
\layout Enumerate


\series bold 
Decode File Path for Ticket Attachments
\series default 
 - the path to the temporary file area for decoding attachments.
\layout Standard

Also, the 
\shape italic 
e-Mail SMTP Server
\shape default 
 section is used to configure the SMTP server used for outgoing e-mails.
 If the 
\shape italic 
SMTP Enabled
\shape default 
 option is deselected, the responsible person for the ticket and the watchers
 will not receive e-mail notifications of the ticket's entry.
 Regardless of the 
\shape italic 
Enabled
\shape default 
 option, the 
\shape italic 
Server
\shape default 
, 
\shape italic 
Port
\shape default 
, and 
\shape italic 
Connection Timeout
\shape default 
 settings are still used for auto-response e-mails.
\layout Section

FAQ
\layout Description


\color blue
Q.
 I installed DCL on a Windows NT Server running IIS and PHP.
 When I try to login, I get a message saying 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset 

Could not verify session.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset 

 What could be wrong?
\layout Description

A.
 More than likely, you are running PHP as a CGI handler.
 A known bug in IIS prevents cookies from being set properly if they are
 sent in the header along with a Location: header for redirection.
 The best fix at the moment is to change the redirMethod to meta.
\layout Description


\color blue
Q.
 I went through the setup screen and configured DCL for our projects.
 Now when I try to enter a work order or ticket, the priorities and severities
 are empty after I select a product.
\layout Description

A.
 You need to add your new priorities and severities to the appropriate attribute
 sets.
 Go to Admin...System Setup...Attributes.
 Click on the View link for the set you want to modify.
 For each attribute, click on the Map link and use the forms to modify the
 available items and, in the case of priorities and severities, their weight
 (display order) in the drop downs.
\layout Description


\color blue
Q.
 When trying to login to DCL, I get the login screen with a message that
 says 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset 

Could not verify session
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset 

.
 I'm using IE.
\layout Description

A.
 Due to a strange bug in IE, you need to ensure you specify the trailing
 slash of the URL (i.e., http://host.com/dcl/ and not http://host.com/dcl ).
 I assume this is a bug in IE since other browsers can cope with it just
 fine.
\layout Description

A.
 This may be due to the way the server handles the response.
 A server does not need to handle them in the same way; being able to use
 a final '/' seems to be supported by most web servers, but doesn't need
 to be.
 Check the server configuration to make sure it's not interfering somehow.
\layout Description


\color blue
Q.
 After installing the files and setting up the database, I get this error
 when I go to index.php: Fatal error: Call to undefined function: setdbformat()
 in /path/to/datetime.php on line n.
\layout Description

A.
 The problem is caused by the Alternative PHP Cache (APC) being loaded.
 
\shape italic 
This error should no longer happen (since 20010923 release).
 If you have the issue with a newer release, please report it.
\layout Description


\color blue
Q.
 The installation went fine, but when logging in for the first time as sa/sa,
 I receive 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset 

Invalid Login
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset 

.
\layout Description

A.
 You may need to change your cookie settings.
 Try opening the inc/config.php file and change the DCL_REDIR_METHOD to meta.
 It is php by default.
 This setting alters how DCL sets the cookie after authentication.
\layout Standard

If all else fails beyond repair, feel free to contact us.
 
\layout Standard

dcl-support@gnuenterprise.org
\the_end
