#LyX 1.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 218
\textclass article
\begin_preamble
\usepackage[T1]{fontenc}
\usepackage{calc}
\usepackage{setspace}
\usepackage{multicol}	% TODO: I don't need this package if the document is a single column one.
 
\end_preamble
\language english
\inputencoding auto
\fontscheme default
\graphics default
\paperfontsize 12
\spacing single 
\papersize Default
\paperpackage a4
\use_geometry 0
\use_amsmath 0
\paperorientation portrait
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\defskip medskip
\quotes_language english
\quotes_times 2
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default

\layout Title

Getting Started with Double Choco Latte
\layout Author

Michael L.
 Dean
\layout Date

$Id: dcl_getting_started.lyx,v 1.2 2006/11/27 06:04:04 mdean Exp $
\layout LaTeX


\backslash 
pagenumbering{roman}
\layout LaTeX


\backslash 
tableofcontents 
\backslash 
newpage
\layout LaTeX


\backslash 
pagenumbering{arabic}
\layout Section

Introduction
\layout Standard

This document will hopefully give users an overview of Double Choco Latte
 (DCL) and its features.
 It is meant to complement the (inwork) online help that accompanies DCL.
\layout Subsection

Features
\layout Standard

DCL supports a number of features, but it is still in development.
 Among these features are:
\layout Itemize

Very fine granularity of tracking work and time spent on a task.
 Hours are documented and the user can get as detailed as necessary when
 documenting the steps performed to complete a task.
\layout Itemize

Configurable application settings to tailor the verbage to your needs.
 Statuses, priorities, severities, etc.
 are all configurable and data driven.
\layout Itemize

EMail notification of new work orders and updates.
 Users can place "watches" on products, projects, and work orders to receive
 update notifications when activity occurs.
 Activity can be limited to open work order (useful only for products and
 projects), close work order, or status change for work order.
 Of course, if "Anything" is selected, the watching user will receive notificati
ons on all updates.
\layout Itemize

File attachments for work orders and projects.
\layout Itemize

A "My DCL" page to show a user's current status in the system and their
 outstanding work orders.
\layout Itemize

Basic security levels to limit some user's abilities in the system.
\layout Itemize

Saved Searches
\layout Subsection

Coming Features
\layout Standard

Although DCL is currently usable, it has greater aspirations.
 Among these are:
\layout Itemize

Enhanced security utilizing groups (roles) and permissions.
\layout Itemize

Configurable fields to allow customization of fields used, required, and
 additional fields defined by an administrator.
 Going beyond the norm here as well, it will more than likely be possible
 to create different categories of fields and associate them with products.
\layout Itemize

Call center oriented module providing queues and allowing users to monitor
 those queues.
 The structure would be something along the lines of: Product(s) > Queue
 > User(s)
\layout Itemize

EMail gateway allowing work orders to be created and monitored via email.
 This is currently in development.
\layout Itemize

Online interactive FAQs.
 This feature has been started, but is not yet complete.
\layout Itemize

Resource repository.
 This will go beyond the simple "file" repository or "link farm" and provide
 the ability to categorize links, files, FAQs, or whatever else we deem
 appropriate into one, huge, browsable collection of information.
 Searching will be of extra value here, but the requirements to implement
 such a feature have not been examined.
\layout Itemize

Pull RDF resources for display.
 I know this is gravy, but it'll be cool.
\layout Itemize

Integration with CVS to some degree.
\layout Itemize

Customizable views.
\layout Itemize

Integration with phpGroupWare 
\begin_inset LatexCommand \htmlurl{http://www.phpgroupware.org/}

\end_inset 


\layout Standard

So, as you can see, DCL may become an excellent way to manage products provided
 by companies or individuals.
 The problem is there just aren't enough hours in a day...
\layout Section

Picking Up Where INSTALL Leaves Off
\layout Standard

The INSTALL file is a little vague for some when it comes to configuring
 DCL for their particular environment.
 I'll try to go through the process here in the hopes that it will provide
 some answers and guidance for those in need.
\layout Enumerate

After all is setup, you should be able to login as 'sa' with the password
 'sa'.
\layout Enumerate

You will then be presented with the main menu.
 First things first: 
\series bold 
CHANGE THE sa PASSWORD!!!
\series default 
 Select Change Password from the Admin menu.
\layout Enumerate

Recent versions of DCL utilize a setup page to help guide the administrator
 through the setup and configuration of DCL in a logical order.
 
\series bold 
Pay special attention to the red colored sentences on this screen.

\series default 
 It will save you a few headaches ;-)
\layout Enumerate

At this point, you're done with configuration! Open the gates and let the
 users in!
\layout Section

Logging In
\layout Standard

Users login with their DCL user name and password.
 Also available on the login screen is a drop down box to select the preferred
 user interface.
 Currently, three UIs exist: Drop Down, Tree, and Static.
 Drop down uses DHTML/JavaScript to provide a UI similar to an application
 pull down menu.
 Tree also uses DHTML/JavaScript along with frames (to avoid constantly
 reloading the menu and having to remember state) and utilizes the familiar
 collapsible tree structure.
 The third (and my favorite) is static.
 The static menu is just a flattened menu in its own frame.
 No DHTML, no JavaScript, perfect for Mozilla (the reason I made it).
\layout Section

Menu Description
\layout Subsection

Home
\layout Standard


\begin_inset LatexCommand \label{sec:menu_description_home}

\end_inset 

After logging in, the user is presented with the 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset 

My DCL
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset 

 or 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset 

home
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset 

 page.
 My DCL provides some basic information to the user about their status in
 the system and the status of affiliated work orders.
 A quick walk through the sections is in order:
\layout Itemize


\series bold 
My Projects
\series default 
 If you are the lead of any nonclosed projects, they will be listed here.
 Clicking on the individual links will take you to that project's detail
 page.
\layout Itemize


\series bold 
My Work Orders
\series default 
 If you are responsible for any unresolved work orders, they will be shown
 here.
 Clicking on the links will show you the work order detail.
\layout Itemize


\series bold 
My Work Order Submissions
\series default 
 If you have submitted any work orders that you are not responsible for
 and have not been resolved, they land here.
 The links operate the same as the work order links.
\layout Itemize


\series bold 
My Products
\series default 
 If you are the lead of any products, they are listed here.
 If you click on a link, you will be taken to the product detail.
\layout Itemize


\series bold 
My Watches
\series default 
 If you have created watches in DCL, they are listed here.
 Clicking on links in this section behave according to the type of watch.
 See the above items for behavior.
\layout Subsection

Work Orders
\layout Standard

The work orders menu contains functions to input, search, and report on
 work orders in your system.
 It should be noted here that while DCL is currently about 90% ready for
 NLS, some menu items do not match with the terminology used here and within
 DCL itself (nice, huh?).
 Mainly, JCN (Job Control Number) is equivalent to work order number.
\layout Subsubsection

My WOs
\layout Standard

See Section 
\begin_inset LatexCommand \ref{sec:menu_description_home}

\end_inset 

 for a description of this item.
\layout Subsubsection

New Work Order 
\layout Standard

This option allows you to create a brand new work order.
 All of the fields in the work order entry screen should be selfexplanatory.
 Some differences will exist based on your security level:
\layout Itemize

If your security level is the lowest possible allowing work order input,
 you will not be able to input the following fields: responsible, hours,
 priority, severity, deadline, estimated start date, estimated end date,
 and deadline.
 These fields are configured this way because it was felt that ultimately,
 this is the responsibility of the team lead/manager.
\layout Itemize

The next level up will allow you to take responsibility for the work order
 if you are able to have work orders assigned to you.
 You will not be able to input the fields noted above.
\layout Itemize

The highest level of work order input allows you to fill in the fields noted
 above.
 In fact, they are required which means you have to do a little more typing,
 but can suggest the dates, the priority, and the severity.
\layout Subsubsection

New Sequence
\layout Standard

To add a sequence to an existing work order, choose the New Seq menu item.
 Remember that a sequence is a way to relate work orders together logically
 in DCL.
 They can be related according to any relationship logic you can think of,
 but the intended use is almost like a small project.
 Sequences are only limited by the database and PHP.
\layout Subsubsection

Import
\layout Standard

The import was created by Urmet Janes to facilitate work order creation
 from a CSV (comma separated values) file.
 This (if I remember correctly) was designed so Excel could be used to input
 work orders through a spread sheet, exported to CSV, and imported to DCL.
 It supports validation of data, input of fields by ID or by name, and other
 features.
 See the online help for more information.
\layout Subsubsection

Activity
\layout Standard

The Personnel Activity report was written to satisfy my company's need for
 a summary timesheet report.
 The information provided by this report covers activity between two dates.
 We report timesheets on a weekly basis, so every week, everyone runs their
 reports to show their activity for the week.
 This allows management to see where timelines may slip due to unscheduled
 incidents (i.e., a customer's site goes down, etc.).
 It does basic budget analysis to see if estimates are accurately being
 made for work orders (based on the estimated hours field).
\layout Subsubsection

Graph
\layout Standard

The graph function currently shows a simple line graph of the amount of
 work orders opened and closed over a 7 or 14 day period ending on a date
 provided by the user.
 In the future, it will be possible to restrict the work orders based on
 different criteria (like account, product, etc).
\layout Subsubsection

Statistics
\layout Standard

The Statistics page is a HUUUUUGE spreadsheet view of either all nonclosed
 or all closed work orders in the system.
 It shows only personnel who have work orders assigned to them, thereby
 weeding out users who cannot have work orders or are laying dormant in
 the system.
 Columns are broken down by product, then status.
 Rows are listed for each individual.
 In the cells the total number of tasks for that person/product/status are
 shown along with the total estimated hours remaining for the work orders.
 For example, 6(10.75) means there are 6 tasks with a total of 10.75 hours
 of work remaining.
 These numbers are also clickable, taking you to a search result showing
 just those work orders.
\layout Subsubsection

Schedule
\layout Standard

The Schedule option was another work related addition.
 It is a very simple schedule that orders a person's tasks by priority,
 severity, jcn, and seq.
 Essentially, it is a FIFO by priority and severity.
 It will take a persons open tasks (status 1) only and schedule them assuming
 a Monday through Friday work week with 8 hours/day of work allocated.
 Very simple, indeed.
 It will adjust the estimated start and end dates of the work orders accordingly.
\layout Subsubsection

Search
\layout Standard

The Search option is what it is.
 It is two forms (at this time) offering two ways to find work orders.
 The first is by WO#/Seq.
 The WO# must be input, but the sequence is optional.
 If the sequence is not specified and the WO# contains multiple sequences,
 all sequences will be shown in the result set as if by search.
 If only one work order is found for a given WO#, the work order detail
 will be displayed.
\layout Standard

The second part of the search screen is more advanced.
 It has several list boxes allowing users to choose which items to include
 in the result set.
 The search is performed with all fields using AND logic, while values within
 fields use OR logic.
 For example, it is possible to construct a query like 'where account='company
 abc' and product='our premium product' and status in 'open','unassigned'.
 This is pseudoSQL, of course.
 It should be noted that the free text search on the bottom (summary, notes,
 description) may require case sensitivity if your SQL server platform demands
 it.
 It is also a phrase match (used as like '%match this%') query.
\layout Subsection

Projects
\layout Subsubsection

My Projects
\layout Standard

See Section 
\begin_inset LatexCommand \ref{sec:menu_description_home}

\end_inset 

 for a description of this item.
\layout Subsubsection

New Project
\layout Standard

New Project allows the creation of projects to group work orders under.
 Currently, the only advantage is the ability to provide a summary on a
 set of work orders as a whole.
 Work orders can be attached to projects one of two ways.
 First, by clicking P (Prj) in a search result set.
 Second, by selecting the project to add the work order to when the work
 order is created.
 Note that you must have the highest level of work order input (add/assign)
 in order to create and manipulate projects.
\layout Subsubsection

View Projects
\layout Standard

The View Projects option allows you to select a project to view a detail
 for.
 You can browse through the projects and optionally filter by status and
 project lead.
 For each project listed, you can jump to a detail view (project view with
 stats) or a tree view.
 The tree view will show the work orders of the selected project and child
 projects (if any) in a nested tree view.
\layout Subsection

Tickets
\layout Subsubsection

My Tickets
\layout Standard

See Section 
\begin_inset LatexCommand \ref{sec:menu_description_home}

\end_inset 

 for a description of this item.
\layout Subsubsection

New Ticket
\layout Standard

TODO
\layout Subsubsection

Activity
\layout Standard

TODO
\layout Subsubsection

Graph
\layout Standard

The graph function currently shows a simple line graph of the amount of
 work orders opened and closed over a 7 or 14 day period ending on a date
 provided by the user.
 In the future, it will be possible to restrict the work orders based on
 different criteria (like account, product, etc).TODO
\layout Subsubsection

Statistics
\layout Standard

TODO
\layout Subsubsection

Search
\layout Standard

TODO
\layout Subsection

Admin
\layout Standard

This is exactly what it says it is.
 You can perform your administrative tasks here.
\layout Subsubsection

Change Password
\layout Standard

Change Password allows users to change their passwords, assuming they have
 the proper security level.
 The sa user can change the password for anyone in the system.
 All other users (regardless of security) have to confirm the current password
 and enter the new password with confirmation to ensure it was typed correctly.
\layout Subsubsection

System Setup
\layout Standard

TODO
\layout Subsubsection

New Account
\layout Standard

TODO
\layout Subsubsection

View Accounts
\layout Standard

TODO
\layout Subsubsection

Checklists
\layout Standard

TODO
\layout Subsubsection

Products
\layout Standard

Which leads me to my next revelation: the Show Products option also includes
 the infamous D (Det) link to view the project details.
 A project's details are currently simple: show some quick status on work
 orders for the product, along with a list of work orders sectioned by status
 and ordered by age.
 Age is reported in days (including fractional to the hundredth decimal
 place).
 From here, you can quickly assess a product's status and get a rough idea
 of the amount of activity being generated for it.
\layout Subsubsection

Watches
\layout Standard

Watches allows you to administer the watches you currently have.
 You can create watches by selecting the W (or Wtch) link when viewing a
 work order detail, work order result set, project detail, or product list
 (Admin...Show Products).
 Watches can be modified or deleted in this area.
\layout Subsection

Help
\layout Standard

The help menu is pretty basic at this point.
 It is really more of a miscellaneous option menu.
 Clear Screen refreshes the screen with blank content.
 This is most useful for getting at the drop down menu if a form with a
 bunch of controls (such as the search screen) is shown immediately beneath
 the menu.
 Currently, IE 5.x has the implementation of zorder in layers most correct.
 It appears that layers will still be shown beneath list boxes, but do appear
 above edit boxes and buttons.
\layout Subsubsection

FAQs
\layout Standard

TODO
\layout Subsubsection

Clear Screen
\layout Standard

Blanks the content area.
 Most useful with the drop down menu to remove form elements that may be
 hiding menu items.
\layout Subsubsection

DCL Home Page
\layout Standard

DCL Home Page will take you to the website for DCL (currently 
\begin_inset LatexCommand \htmlurl{http://dcl.sourceforge.net/index.php}

\end_inset 

).
\layout Subsubsection

License Info
\layout Standard

License Info will display the GNU Public License, which is the license governing
 the release of DCL.
\layout Subsubsection

Version Info
\layout Standard

Version Info displays a little information that could prove useful in diagnosing
 problems at some point.
 More information can be added to this screen, but that is a low priority
 at this time.
\layout Section

Using Work Orders
\layout Standard

Work order options are displayed within search result lists and in work
 order details.
 They are normally configured to show the short description since the abbreviate
d (3 letter) description proves to be quite long in limited screen space.
 I'll list the currently available options and give a brief description
 of each:
\layout Itemize

D (Det) Link to the detail of the work order.
\layout Itemize

T (Act) Time card entries can be issued by selecting this option.
\layout Itemize

A (Asn) Assign a work order to another team member.
 This option also allows reassigning deadline, estimated start/end dates,
 and the hours remaining.
\layout Itemize

M (Mod) Modify a work order.
 This is the same as the new work order screen, but is only available to
 users with modify work order privilege.
\layout Itemize

S (Seq) Allows the user to create a new sequence using the current work
 order number.
\layout Itemize

F (File) Allows a user to upload a file attachment to the work order.
 File attachment maximum upload sizes are controlled by php.ini and config.php3.
 Php.ini is (of course) the system wide maximum, so it must be equal to or
 greater than the size specified in config.php3.
 If this setting is 0, no file attachment uploads are allowed.
\layout Itemize

P (Prj) Adds a work order to a project.
 If the work order already belongs to a project, the project detail will
 be shown instead.
\layout Itemize

X (Del) Allows the user to delete a work order.
 Currently, this requires a security level one less than the admin.
\layout Itemize

W (Wtch) Adds a watch on the work order.
\layout Standard

These options may also exist in a drop down box if you are viewing a work
 order detail.
\layout Subsection

Time Cards
\layout Standard

Time cards are meant to track work on a task to any level of detail needed.
 Time cards can also be used to denote phone calls, research, programming
 fixes, documentation, hardware upgrades, or whatever you need.
 As long as you have meaningful actions setup for the users to pick from,
 you can enjoy excellent history and (in the future) reporting capabilities
 for how these tasks are resolved.
\layout Standard

My employer also utilizes DCL for administrative documentation by including
 an Adminstration product along with actions such as sick time, vacation,
 meeting, and documentation.
\layout Section

Using Projects
\layout Standard

TODO
\layout Section

Using Tickets
\layout Standard

TODO
\layout Section

Using Checklists
\layout Standard

Section 
\begin_inset LatexCommand \ref{sec:using_checklists_minimal_template}

\end_inset 

 shows a minimal template.
 Section 
\begin_inset LatexCommand \ref{sec:using_checklists_example_template}

\end_inset 

 shows an example template.
\layout Subsection

Building Your Templates
\layout Standard

The minimal template in section 
\begin_inset LatexCommand \ref{sec:using_checklists_minimal_template}

\end_inset 

 demonstrates a few different items that you can use in checklists.
 This will probably be expanded later to allow more data types as necessary.
 A quick list of pointers for building your templates:
\layout Itemize

The major sections listed are required (Meta, History, and States with one
 or more State elements)
\layout Itemize

The CurrentState node in History should be set to the state you want the
 checklist to be in when it is first instantiated.
 Normally, this will be the first State in the checklist.
\layout Itemize

InitiatedBy and InitiatedOn are auto-filled
\layout Subsubsection

Field Types
\layout Standard

Each State has a set of one or more Field elements in the Fields collection.
 Several types are supported and control how the user interacts with the
 checklist:
\layout Itemize


\series bold 
createdate
\series default 
 - Auto-filled when created
\layout Itemize


\series bold 
autoincrement
\series default 
 - Actually is the ID of the instantiated checklist
\layout Itemize


\series bold 
createby
\series default 
 - Auto-filled with the user who instantiated the checklist
\layout Itemize


\series bold 
phone
\series default 
 - Creates a text field for phone number input
\layout Itemize


\series bold 
email
\series default 
 - Creates a text field for e-mail address input
\layout Itemize


\series bold 
personnel-(one | multi)
\series default 
 - Creates a drop down or a multi-select list box of personnel
\layout Itemize


\series bold 
products-(one | multi)
\series default 
 - Creates a drop down or a multi-select list box of products
\layout Itemize


\series bold 
select-(one | multi)
\series default 
 - Creates a drop down or a multi-select list box of customized options.
 The options are defined within the Field element in the Options collection.
\layout Itemize


\series bold 
text
\series default 
 - Creates a single line text field.
 Also uses the size attribute to determine maximum length and size of the
 text.
\layout Itemize


\series bold 
textarea
\series default 
 - Creates a multi-line text field.
 Uses rows and cols attributes to determine the size of the textarea control.
\layout Itemize


\series bold 
date
\series default 
 - Creates a date input field with a calendar link.
\layout Itemize


\series bold 
time
\series default 
 - Creates a text field for time input
\layout Subsubsection

Field Names
\layout Standard

Field names should be unique across the entire document.
 This ensures that HTTP POST operations do not accidentally overwrite values
 from duplicate variables.
\layout Subsection

Minimal Template
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<?xml version="1.0" ?>
\begin_inset LatexCommand \label{sec:using_checklists_minimal_template}

\end_inset 


\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
<Checklist>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<Meta>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<Version>*Version Of Document*</Version>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<Author>*Author Of Document*</Author>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<CreateDate>*Document Creation Date*</CreateDate>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<Name>*Name Of Document*</Name>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
</Meta>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<History>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<CurrentState>*Should Match A Valid State From The States Element Below*</Curren
tState>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<InitiatedBy>*Will Be Autofilled*</InitiatedBy>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<InitiatedOn>*Will Be Autofilled*</InitiatedOn>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<Changes>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
</Changes>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
</History>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<States>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<State name="*Name of State*">
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<Fields>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<Field name="ri_date" display="Date" type="createdate"></Field>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<Field name="ri_id" display="Request ID" type="autoincrement"></Field>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<Field name="ri_originator" display="Request Originator" type="createby"></Field
>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<Field name="ri_phone" display="Phone No." type="phone"></Field>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<Field name="ri_email" display="E-mail" type="email"></Field>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<Field name="ri_alternate_contact" display="Alternate Contact" type="personnel-o
ne"></Field>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<Field name="ri_products" display="Product(s) Affected" type="products-multi"></
Field>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<Field name="ri_servers" display="Server(s) Affected" type="text" size="50"></Fi
eld>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<Field name="ri_customers" display="Customer(s) Affected" type="textarea"
 rows="6" cols="50"></Field>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<Field name="dp_requested" display="Requested Change Date" type="date"></Field>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<Field name="dep_start_time" display="Start Time" type="time"></Field>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<Field name="dp_reason" display="Reason For Change" type="select-one">
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<Options>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<Option>*One Or More Options*</Option>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
</Options>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<Values>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<Value></Value>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
</Values>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
</Field>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
</Fields>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
</State>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
</States>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
</Checklist>
\layout Subsection

Example Template
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<?xml version="1.0" ?>
\begin_inset LatexCommand \label{sec:using_checklists_example_template}

\end_inset 


\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
<Checklist>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<Meta>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<Version>1.0.0</Version>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<Author>mdean</Author>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<CreateDate>2001-04-30</CreateDate>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<Name>Change Request Form</Name>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
</Meta>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<History>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<CurrentState>Request Information</CurrentState>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<InitiatedBy></InitiatedBy>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<InitiatedOn></InitiatedOn>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<Changes>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
</Changes>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
</History>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<States>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<State name="Request Information">
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<Fields>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<Field name="ri_date" display="Date" type="createdate"></Field>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<Field name="ri_id" display="Request ID" type="autoincrement"></Field>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<Field name="ri_originator" display="Request Originator" type="createby"></Field
>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<Field name="ri_phone" display="Phone No." type="phone"></Field>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<Field name="ri_email" display="E-mail" type="email"></Field>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<Field name="ri_alternate_contact" display="Alternate Contact" type="personnel-o
ne"></Field>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<Field name="ri_alternate_phone" display="Alternate Phone No." type="phone"></Fie
ld>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<Field name="ri_alternate_email" display="Alternate E-mail" type="email"></Field
>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<Field name="ri_products" display="Product(s) Affected" type="products-multi"></
Field>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<Field name="ri_servers" display="Server(s) Affected" type="text" size="50"></Fi
eld>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<Field name="ri_customers" display="Customer(s) Affected" type="textarea"
 rows="6" cols="50"></Field>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
</Fields>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
</State>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<State name="Development/Product">
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<Fields>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<Field name="dp_reason" display="Reason For Change" type="select-one">
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<Options>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<Option>Enhancement</Option>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<Option>Service Release</Option>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<Option>Product Release</Option>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<Option>Fix</Option>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<Option>Maintenance</Option>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
</Options>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<Values>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<Value></Value>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
</Values>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
</Field>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<Field name="dp_requested" display="Requested Change Date" type="date"></Field>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<Field name="dp_impact" display="Impact Of Failure" type="textarea" rows="6"
 cols="50"></Field>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<Field name="dp_rollback" display="Rollback Timeline" type="textarea" rows="6"
 cols="50"></Field>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<Field name="dp_db_change" display="Database Change" type="textarea" rows="6"
 cols="50"></Field>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<Field name="dp_app_change" display="Application Change" type="textarea"
 rows="6" cols="50"></Field>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<Field name="dp_conf_change" display="Configuration Change" type="textarea"
 rows="6" cols="50"></Field>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<Field name="dp_files_origin" display="Origin Of Files" type="select-one">
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<Options>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<Option>Source Safe</Option>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<Option>Deployment CD</Option>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<Option>Other Media</Option>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
</Options>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<Values>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<Value></Value>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
</Values>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
</Field>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
</Fields>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
</State>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<State name="Quality Assurance">
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<Fields>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<Field name="qa_procedures" display="Testing Procedures" type="textarea"
 rows="6" cols="50"></Field>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
</Fields>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
</State>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<State name="Approval">
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<Fields>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<Field name="app_status" display="Approval Status" type="select-one">
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<Options>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<Option>Pending</Option>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<Option>Approved</Option>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<Option>Denied</Option>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
</Options>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<Values>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<Value></Value>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
</Values>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
</Field>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<Field name="app_notes" display="Notes" type="textarea" rows="6" cols="50"></Fie
ld>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
</Fields>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
</State>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<State name="Deployment">
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<Fields>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<Field name="dep_team" display="Deployment Team" type="personnel-multi"></Field>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<Field name="dep_change_schedule" display="Change Schedule" type="date"></Field>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<Field name="dep_start_time" display="Start Time" type="time"></Field>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<Field name="dep_end_time" display="End Time" type="time"></Field>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
<Field name="dep_fallback_time" display="Fallback Time" type="time"></Field>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
</Fields>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
</State>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
\SpecialChar ~
</States>
\layout Standard


\family typewriter 
\size scriptsize 
</Checklist>
\layout Subsection

Future Enhancements for Checklists
\layout Standard

This feature has a long way to go before it can be used for automating work
 flow.
 Among the needed features are:
\layout Itemize

State transition notifications via email
\layout Itemize

Roles/Permissions based access
\layout Itemize

States can be owned by a user or a role
\layout Itemize

Generation of JavaScript form validation code
\layout Itemize

Flagging fields as required/optional
\layout Itemize

Ensuring that required fields are populated before transitioning to the
 next state
\the_end
